Update invites.md (#65)
PyDrocsid/documentation: docs/cogs/moderation/invites.md

# Invite Whitelist

This cog is for managing allowed discord invites.

# `invites`

```css
.[invites|i] <subcommand>
```
|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |subcommand|:heavy_check_mark:|A specification|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|subcommand|:heavy_check_mark:|a specification|
```

# *Subcommands:*

## `.add`

> This subcommands adds an invite to the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This subcommand adds an invite to the list.
```

|**Permissions**|invites.manage|
|:------:|:----------|
```css
.[invites|i] [add|+|a] <invite> <applicant>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|invite|:heavy_check_mark:|The invite link (should be permanent with unlimited usages)|
|applicant|:heavy_check_mark:|The user who wants to add the server to the list|

## `list`
This command returns a list of all allowed discord servers.
```css
.[invites|i] [list|l|?]
```

## `remove`

> This command remnoves a server from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command removes a server from the list.
```

|**Permissions**|invites.manage|
|:------:|:----------|
```css
.[invites|i] [remove|r|del|d|-] <server>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |server|:heavy_check_mark:|The ID from the server|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|server|:heavy_check_mark:|The ID of the server|
```

## `show`

> This command show detailed information about a server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command shows detailed information about a server.
```

```css
.[invites|i] [show|info|s|i] <server>
```
|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |server|:heavy_check_mark:|The ID/Name from the server|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|server|:heavy_check_mark:|The ID/Name of the server|
```

# Invite Whitelist

> This cog is for managing allowed discord invites.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cog provides commands to manage a whitelist for discord invites that may be sent in the chat and automatic deletion of invites not on the list.
```

## `list`

> This command returns a list of all allowed Discord servers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.list` command returns a list of all Discord servers on the whitelist.
```

```css
.[invites|i] [list|l|?]
```

## `show`

> This command shows detailed information about a given server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.show` command shows detailed information about a given server on the whitelist.
```

```css
.[invites|i] [show|info|s|i] <server>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |server|:heavy_check_mark:|The server's name or id|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|server|:heavy_check_mark:|The server's name, id or invite|
```

## `add`

> This command adds a Discord server to the whitelist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.add` command adds a Discord server to the whitelist.
```

```css
.[invites|i] [add|+|a] <invite> <applicant>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|invite|:heavy_check_mark:|The invite link (should be permanent with unlimited usages)|
|applicant|:heavy_check_mark:|The user who wants to add the server to the list|

> Required Permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required permissions:
```

- `invites.manage`

## `remove`

> This command removes a server from the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.remove` command removes a server from the whitelist.
```

```css
.[invites|i] [remove|r|del|d|-] <server>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |server|:heavy_check_mark:|The server's name or id|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|server|:heavy_check_mark:|The server's name, id or invite|
```

Required Permissions:

- `invites.manage`

## `update`

> This command allows the applicant and members who have the `invites.manage` permission to update the invite link of a server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.update` command allows the applicant and users with the `invites.manage` permission to update the invite link to a server on the whitelist.
```

```css
.[invites|i] [update|u] <invite>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |invite|:heavy_check_mark:|The new invite link (should be permanent and with unlimited usages)|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|invite|:heavy_check_mark:|The new invite link (should be permanent with unlimited usages)|
```
